README.md, before:

# rcvsim - RISC-V Simulator in Erlang

**The project is for the sole purpose as to learn Erlang and RISC-V.**

## Idea

In order to learn Erlang programming language and since Erlang supports messages passing,
I figured it's good to should hardware simulation. Since I do not know next to nothing about
RISC-V, but am eager to learn, I figured, the best starting point is to simulate its behavior.

I chose only the RV32I. The target is to simulate the behavior given the assembler code of
a function.

## Build

If you want to try, there are some test c-functions in csrc:

~~~
$ git clone ...
$ cd rcvsim
$ make
$ rebar3 compile
$ rebar3 eunit
~~~

Or you may compile your own c-code to assembler and try to run it from shell:

~~~
$ riscv64-unknown-elf-gcc -S -g -O2 -march=rv32imac -mabi=ilp32 yourfunc.c
$ rebar3 shell
1> rvsmain:run("yourfunc.s")
~~~

Probably your function is not working correctly, 
since pretty many instructions are still missing.

## Currently supported

Only one function, no arguments, only way use it can be seen in the small c-functions,
in csrc.

Commit message:

Recursion and basic I/O (#7)
* not working

* runs again (labels and code seperation)

* add small fixes and tests

* calling function works

* test to improve coverage

* update rvscorehw and rvsmemory tests

* prob of globals

* add derictive ".addr" (thats actually linker job)

* recursion and simple I/O

* fix tests on registernames

* fix tests on old c-functions

README.md, after:

# rcvsim - RISC-V Simulator in Erlang

**The project is for the sole purpose as to learn Erlang and RISC-V.**

## Idea

In order to learn Erlang programming language and since Erlang supports messages passing,
I figured it's good to should hardware simulation. Since I do not know next to nothing about
RISC-V, but am eager to learn, I figured, the best starting point is to simulate its behavior.

I chose only the RV32I. The target is to simulate the behavior given the assembler code of
a function.

## Build

If you want to try, there are some test c-functions in csrc:

~~~
$ git clone ...
$ cd rcvsim
$ make
$ rebar3 compile
$ rebar3 eunit
~~~

Or you may compile your own c-code to assembler and try to run it from shell:

~~~
$ riscv64-unknown-elf-gcc -S -g -O2 -march=rv32imac -mabi=ilp32 yourfunc.c
$ rebar3 shell
1> rvsmain:run("yourfunc.s")
~~~

Probably your function is not working correctly, 
since pretty many instructions are still missing.

## Currently supported

The subset of assembler instructions and small implementation details restricts
the programs, only in one file.

Currently **only one datatype (int32_t) are support** and only some rudimentary I/O.

With that it is possible to run small programs. One hard test is the Recursion test4.c

As an example look up [test3.c](csrc/test3.c) or [test4.c](csrc/test4.c).

Call the functions like this

~~~
$ rebar3 shell
1> rvsmain:run("_build/obj/test4.s",[{input,[6]}])
... 720}}
2>
~~~
