docs/links.md, before:

# Links

## RISC-V Instruction Set Manual
[The RISC-V Instruction Set Manual, Document Version 20191213](https://riscv.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/riscv-spec-20191213.pdf)

Its restricted to the **Chapter 2: RV32I Base Integer Instruction Set**

## lex, yacc

lex (flex) + yacc (bison) rules for VHDL:

[C compiler and his Microprocessor](https://github.com/vchatela/SmallerC-MicroProcessor)

or [VHD2VL v3.0](https://github.com/ldoolitt/vhd2vl)

## Stackoverflow

[How to do Erlang pattern matching using regular expressions?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1660655/how-to-do-erlang-pattern-matching-using-regular-expressions)

[Timeout](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44629823/how-to-apply-timeout-on-method-in-erlang#44631001)

Here the best thing is how he/she spawns a local function.

[how-to-log-to-a-file-from-the-erlang-shell](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59297066/how-to-log-to-a-file-from-the-erlang-shell)

[catch {ok,Content}](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27833253/can-not-catch-error-clause)

## [Erlang Kernel Referenz Manual](https://www.erlang.org/doc/apps/kernel/users_guide)

[logger](https://www.erlang.org/doc/man/logger.html)

## Instruction Set

[RISC-V Assembler Reference](https://michaeljclark.github.io/asm.html)

Commit message:

Recursion and basic I/O (#7)
* not working

* runs again (labels and code seperation)

* add small fixes and tests

* calling function works

* test to improve coverage

* update rvscorehw and rvsmemory tests

* prob of globals

* add derictive ".addr" (thats actually linker job)

* recursion and simple I/O

* fix tests on registernames

* fix tests on old c-functions

docs/links.md, after:

# Links

## RISC-V Instruction Set Manual
[The RISC-V Instruction Set Manual, Document Version 20191213](https://riscv.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/riscv-spec-20191213.pdf)

Its restricted to the **Chapter 2: RV32I Base Integer Instruction Set**

## Simple helper for RV32 and RV64

Easy read to understand the assembler instructions:
- [RISC-V Assembler Reference](https://michaeljclark.github.io/asm.html)
Explaing the registers and the calling converntion:
- [Calling Convention](https://riscv.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/riscv-calling.pdf)

## General information about Assembler Directives

[Assembler Directives](https://ftp.gnu.org/old-gnu/Manuals/gas-2.9.1/html_chapter/as_7.html)

## lex, yacc

lex (flex) + yacc (bison) rules for VHDL:

[C compiler and his Microprocessor](https://github.com/vchatela/SmallerC-MicroProcessor)

or [VHD2VL v3.0](https://github.com/ldoolitt/vhd2vl)

## Stackoverflow

[How to do Erlang pattern matching using regular expressions?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1660655/how-to-do-erlang-pattern-matching-using-regular-expressions)

[Timeout](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44629823/how-to-apply-timeout-on-method-in-erlang#44631001)

Here the best thing is how he/she spawns a local function.

[how-to-log-to-a-file-from-the-erlang-shell](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59297066/how-to-log-to-a-file-from-the-erlang-shell)

[catch {ok,Content}](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27833253/can-not-catch-error-clause)

## [Erlang Kernel Referenz Manual](https://www.erlang.org/doc/apps/kernel/users_guide)

[logger](https://www.erlang.org/doc/man/logger.html)

## Instruction Set

[RISC-V Assembler Reference](https://michaeljclark.github.io/asm.html)
